# COMP3020 - Milestone 3 - Group 5

## Technology Overview

The Technologies used in Ratune include: JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Essentially, we used the vanilla web development tools. This was to keep the program as lightweight as possible to allow it to run on anyone's machine. Although, we used a library called [Three.js](https://threejs.org/) to develop the 3D model of Earth found on the Explore page. We placed the library's dependencies within our repository so the user would not have to install anything or wait for the library to load through the Internet. Our approach to developing this platform was to build everything in components and bring it all together when we were satisfied with each component. Each component, such as the navigation bar, was build independently and then was placed in a position that satisfied our design. As a team, we divided the components needed and each person developed their assigned piece of the program. We held meetings to ensure design philosophy was consistent.

## Design Deviations and Evolutions

We had some deviations from our orignial design based on our classmate's and friend's suggestions. When we were showing our platform to classmates they noted the colours did not contrast well enough, we adjusted our colour scheme to make our platform more visually appealing though the use of contrast. Users also had said that the main feed page needed an option at the very top to create posts. We took this idea and generated a post element at the top of the main feed. We also decided that the posts would look better if the posts were cards with some spacing between them, rather than blocks on top of one another. As well, we redesigned the posts to give more focus to the user generated caption. On the Explore page, we wanted the ability to enlarge the pop-up and allow the user more access to that region's music. We were unable create this element due to the music data needed to generate this. Overall, the design from our initial high-fidelity drawings were quite consistent with our finished product.

## Usability "Sales Pitch"